another thing I love about fall is I
love to eat roasted pumpkin seeds so
when you carve your jack-o'-lantern or
if you roast a small pumpkin like this
to make something baked something you
want to save all of those seeds what
you're gonna do is you'll scoop out your
pumpkin pulp with the seeds so to dry
them you put them in the colander you've
removed all the excess liquid and you
could lay them flat out on a baking
sheet and put them out in the hot Sun to
speed up the process but you want them
to be totally dried out before you put
them in the oven so what do you want to
do then with this pumpkin is pumpkin
seeds you're going to lie them out on a
baking sheet I like to melt some butter
a couple tablespoons of butter or
depending on how many seeds I have and
very simply just add salt you don't have
to do anything else to this recipe and
what's great about pumpkin seeds it's
they're free they're gonna come inside
that carb jack-o'-lantern that you have
so instead of throwing them away when
you carve your pumpkin save them and it
makes a delicious healthy snack high in
fiber of course I'm adding butter which
is going to give you the calories but
it's going to give you a lot of great
flavors so highly recommend using a
little bit of butter when you roast your
pepitas pumpkin seeds this is how
pumpkin seeds look when they're holed
you can buy these year-round this way
very inexpensive in Mexican markets
called pepitas and it's the whole
pumpkin seed that's how it looks when
it's different now another way you can
do pumpkin seeds if you have them like
this during the year it's not pumpkin
season and you want to have pumpkins
roasted pumpkin seeds roasted you can
either roast these in the oven but
another quicker way is to put them in a
nonstick skillet with a little spray pan
spray and within a minute or two they're
gonna turn this beautiful color and
these are great as a garnish on top of
any types of baked goods pumpkin bread
pumpkin cookies they're really wonderful
you